XLinq (#2214)
dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/extensions/index.md

Add support for calling extension methods in linq lambdas. For EF Core: 3.1

[GitHub repository](https://github.com/ClaveConsulting/Expressionify)

### XLinq

> **L**anguage **IN**tegrated **Q**uery technology for relational databases. It allows you to use C# to write strongly typed queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Language Integrated Query (LINQ) technology for relational databases. It allows you to use C# to write strongly typed queries.
```
